# phaxelf-lib
The **Pha**[ser] [Rising Pi]**x**[el] **Elf** [Games Works] **lib**rary.

*Go phax your elf.*

Online documentation at [http://risingpixel.github.io/phaxelf-lib](http://risingpixel.github.io/phaxelf-lib)

## What is this?

A random set of utility classes to build better Phaser games.

## Installation and usage
To install this library in your project:

```bash
npm install --save phaxelf-lib
```

Or with yarn:

```bash
yarn add phaxelf-lib
```

Then just require what you need from the package:

```javascript
import { Drag } from 'phaxelf-lib';

mySprite = game.add.sprite(0, 0, 'somesprite.png');
Drag.enable(mySprite);
```

### Library Local Development
To test this library locally, first of all install the npm dependencies. Remember to run it every time you update them:

```bash
npm install
```

Build the library by using gulp:

```bash
npm run start
```

It will automatically rebuild the sources when you change the files.

Then, to add it in your project, specifying the current folder where you've downloaded the library sources.

```bash
npm install --save path/to/phaxelf-lib # Replace this with your library path
```

You may need to re-run this two last commands during the development cycle to update the sources in your project.

### Pro tip
You can concatenate this commands to make the development cycle easier, like:

```bash
npm install --save path/to/phaxelf-lib && npm run start:dev
```

On windows:

```bash
npm install --save path\to\phaxelf-lib; npm run start:dev
```

## Docs generation and publishing
Docs are auto-generated by the gulp task.

To update the online documentation, just run:

```bash
npm run docs:publish
```

## Library publishing

* Make sure you're logged in in npm, using `npm whoami`. If not, just register using `npm adduser`.
* Update the version number in the `package.json` file, using [semantic versioning](http://semver.io). To achieve this, use `npm version patch`, replacing `patch` with one of `patch`, `minor`, `major`.
* Run `npm publish` to publish the new release
